feat: System Implementation for RL adapters (Gymnasium, PettingZoo, PufferLib) (#1552)
Metta-AI/metta: mettagrid/README.md

- Cooldown between uses (varies by building)
- Can be damaged and destroyed by attacks

## Environment Architecture

MettaGrid features a modular environment architecture that supports multiple RL frameworks:

### Environment Adapters

> - **`MettaGridEnv`** - Main environment class (backward compatible with PufferLib)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`MettaGridEnv`** - Main environment class for use with Softmax Studio
```

- **`MettaGridPufferEnv`** - PufferLib adapter for vectorized training
- **`MettaGridGymEnv`** - Gymnasium adapter for single/multi-agent RL
- **`MettaGridPettingZooEnv`** - PettingZoo adapter for multi-agent RL
- **`MettaGridCore`** - Low-level stateless wrapper around C++ environment

### Key Features

- **Backward Compatible**: Existing code continues to work without changes
- **Framework Agnostic**: Choose the best RL framework for your needs
- **Vectorized Training**: Efficient parallel environment execution
- **Stats Collection**: Comprehensive episode statistics recording
- **Replay Recording**: Full episode replay functionality

### Training Integration Demos

Test each environment adapter with actual training pipeline:

```bash
# Test PettingZoo adapter with training
python -m mettagrid.demos.demo_train_pettingzoo

# Test Puffer adapter with training  
python -m mettagrid.demos.demo_train_puffer

# Test Gym adapter with training
python -m mettagrid.demos.demo_train_gym

> # Test Core adapter with training

Reviewer: I don't expect that we will have a trainer that directly uses Core -- we should probably separate out a list of "external training system adapters" and not include code on it

Author: I've kept the demo for core still running just to be safe but removed it from readme completely
